>> Mike North: So defenses here are that
when we ask users to bookmark things,
when people are building browsers and
they think about autocompletes,
we wanna try to push users in
the direction of saving those HTTPS URLs.
If you enter it securely,
>> Mike North: You don't have
that plain HTTP connection
that you typically do, right?
You need a valid certificate to come back.
When you say, I'm beginning a TLS
handshake, the man-in-the-middle
can't typically fake that in a way
that won't raise a couple of flags.
So Content Security Policy
that upgrade-insecure-requests
thing that we talked about earlier that'll
take care of links that are peppered
throughout your app,
it'll upgrade them to secure links.
Google for awhile now has favored HTTPS so
there is an SEO incentive.
To start operating primarily over a secure
domain, and to make that your main domain,
to make all of your ads land there
instead of your plain HTTP stuff.
And then for anyone watching this,
you should install HTTPS Everywhere,
which basically that'll try to
upgrade any requests that it can.
And you can even instruct
it once it sees the ability
to connect securely to a domain,
to not allow you to be downgraded again.
So there's a browser plugin for
every browser that has plugins.
Should try to go and install it.
Don't do it right now, cuz we're playing.
And this'll make it less fun for us.